Senior sister and brother, good evening
Why are you sweating so much at night?
If you are not feeling well, I will show you.
Can't sleep?
The air conditioner is getting hot at night
Is there anything wrong with Senior Sister coming to my room?
Senior sister can't come to you if there is nothing wrong
Senior sister
When you were a child, you really slept with your senior sister
Why now?
Suddenly forgot
Did you not understand when you were a child?
fooling around
Look at you scare me
I came today.
I want to tell you something very important
If there is anything in the world, just tell me
Just like a secretary
You have to go
Hey, what didn't Senior Sister say?
Oh no no no
As soon as he told me today
Invitations will be sent to the four major families
And I did get a call.
He couldn't have helped me, could he?
I went in and asked directly
Isn't that a little too abrupt?
Do it understand
No matter what, I just go in and invite him.
He'll know then.
I knew it was you.
What are you doing in the kitchen?
I couldn't sleep.
Look at the scenery
You shouldn't be
Are you hiding someone in the house?
Drinking Tibetans
The whole thing has not been found many times.